Misc changes (#328)
acend/container-basics-training: content/en/docs/10/_index.md

* `FROM` indicates the base image for our build
* Each `RUN` line will be executed by Docker during the build
* Our RUN commands must be non-interactive (no input can be provided to Docker during the build)

> * Check <https://docs.docker.com/engine/userguide/eng-image/dockerfile_best-practices/> for further best practices on how to write Dockerfiles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Check <https://docs.docker.com/engine/userguide/eng-image/dockerfile_best-practices/> for further best practices on how to write Dockerfiles.
```

## Build the image

> Just run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just run:
```

### Run it

Now run your image

```bash
docker run -ti myfirstimage
```

> You'll find yourself inside a bash in the container, execute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll find yourself inside a Bash shell in the container, execute
```

| | | |  __/ | | (_) |
|_| |_|\___|_|_|\___/

root@00f0766080ed:/#
```
exit the container by executing:

```bash
exit
```

## The CMD instruction in Dockerfile

> With the `CMD` instruction in the Dockerfile can define the command that is executed by default when a container is started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `CMD` instruction in the Dockerfile, we can define the command that is executed when a container is started.
```

{{% details title="🤔 Can you say which CMD instruction the ubuntu image has by default?" %}}

> You did find yourself in a shell, so the instruction must either be /usr/bin/bash oder /usr/bin/sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You did find yourself in a shell, so the instruction must either be `/usr/bin/bash` or `/usr/bin/sh`.
```

CMD ["figlet", "hello"]
```

> Build the image with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build the image with:
```

## Frontend app image build

> After we got grip of the image building basics. We now want to include the source code of our frontend app into an already built docker image. To achieve this we will create a Dockerfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After we got to grips with the image building basics, we now want to include the source code of our frontend app in an already-built container image. To achieve this we will create a Dockerfile.
```

### Run the php-app container

After a succesful build, run it:

```bash
docker run -d --network container-basics-training --name php-app -p8080:80 php-app
```

Now open a browser and navigate to <http://localhost:8080/db.php> (or in the webshell use `curl http://localhost:8080/db.php`).
You should get a response saying "Connected successfully".

## Optional lab

> Configuration should always be separate from the source code, so the database connection details must not be inside the php file `db.php`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration should always be separate from the source code, so the database connection details must not be inside the php file `db.php`.
```
